The Grand Master kidnapped Ly Mong.
Roll call for you to go alone to the ruins of the Red and Green Traditional Chinese Medicine Center
Then I will go for him.
Me and Cuu Gia waited behind for an opportunity to make a move.
Young master, please.
Professional Ms. Vuong, don't take too much.
15 I'm going, I'll say goodbye first.
What's up?
This big piece of stone tied people can not help.
Threatening you should be the new nanny, Mary, stop causing trouble.
Rock, go away.
Stop eating flying vinegar.
Don't go, be careful.
Zhang Zidong, you're finally here.
It's hard to see you hiding in the dark.
Mouse in the corner
Of course I came.
Son, are you looking for death?
What nonsense.
Tell me, how can we forgive Ms. Vuong?
It's simple. One life for one life.
So...
But I need you to keep Ms. Vuong safe.
So what do you want?
I will watch him leave.